README.md, before:

### Hi there, its Grace! 👋

[About Me](#about) | [Projects](#projects) 

#### About Me 👧 <a name="about"></a>

Hi. I'm Grace and I am a full stack/ front-end web developer based in North Carolina. I mostly code using HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, React, Node, and Express, and SQL with PostgreSQL. I also do unit and integration testing with Jest, Enzyme, Supertest, Chai, and Mocha. If what you need is not what I listed, still try asking me anyway. 

I also enjoy arts and crafts, cooking, the outdoors and sometimes I try gardening too!

Check out my [website](https://www.mariegracebodur.com) if you wanna learn more! 

- 👩‍💻 I'm currently a Freelance Front-end Developer.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Flutter and Docker.
- 🔭 I’m currently working on a React Chat and a FullStack Shopping applications.
- 💬 Ask me about how to say stuff in Tagalog. Or make you a website.
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mgracebodur/) || [mgracebodur@gmail.com](mailto:mgracebodur@gmail.com) 
- ⚡ Fun fact: An accomplishment I’m particularly proud of is finishing [Thinkful](https://www.thinkful.com/)'s Engineering Immersion Program while being a full-time mom at the age of 40!

#### Deployed Projects <a name="projects"></a>

- [GottaLotto](https://malekandgrace-gottalotto.vercel.app/) - GottaLotto Is For Lotto Enthusiasts To Have Plain Old Fun In Guessing The Winning Numbers For Each Saturday's PowerBall 'S Drawing. Built with CSS, JavaScript, React.Js, Node, PostgreSQL, And Cron Job.
- [Quiz App](https://gracebodur.github.io/covid-19-quizapp/) - Test Your Knowledge With My Coronavirus Quiz – And You May Learn Something Along The Way. Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery
- [Jot](https://gracebodur.github.io/jot/) - A Note Taking App Based On Google's Keep Note-Taking Service Where Users Can Add, Edit And Delete A Note. Built with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

[Back to Top](#about)

Commit message:

Add portfolio website to deployed projects

README.md, after:

### Hi there, its Grace! 👋

[About Me](#about) | [Projects](#projects) 

#### About Me 👧 <a name="about"></a>

Hi. I'm Grace and I am a full stack/ front-end web developer based in North Carolina. I mostly code using HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, React, Node, and Express, and SQL with PostgreSQL. I also do unit and integration testing with Jest, Enzyme, Supertest, Chai, and Mocha. If what you need is not what I listed, still try asking me anyway. 

I also enjoy arts and crafts, cooking, the outdoors and sometimes I try gardening too!

Check out my [website](https://www.mariegracebodur.com) if you wanna learn more! 

- 👩‍💻 I'm currently a Freelance Front-end Developer.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Flutter and Docker.
- 🔭 I’m currently working on a React Chat and a FullStack Shopping applications.
- 💬 Ask me about how to say stuff in Tagalog. Or make you a website.
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mgracebodur/) || [mgracebodur@gmail.com](mailto:mgracebodur@gmail.com) 
- ⚡ Fun fact: An accomplishment I’m particularly proud of is finishing [Thinkful](https://www.thinkful.com/)'s Engineering Immersion Program while being a full-time mom at the age of 40!

#### Deployed Projects <a name="projects"></a>


- [Portfolio](https://www.mariegracebodur.com/) - My potfolio site built in React and CSS, incorporating react-reveal and react-scroll. This was the first project I deployed with Vercel and it was a breeze!
- [GottaLotto](https://malekandgrace-gottalotto.vercel.app/) - GottaLotto Is For Lotto Enthusiasts To Have Plain Old Fun In Guessing The Winning Numbers For Each Saturday's PowerBall 'S Drawing. Built with CSS, JavaScript, React.Js, Node, PostgreSQL, And Cron Job.
- [Quiz App](https://gracebodur.github.io/covid-19-quizapp/) - Test Your Knowledge With My Coronavirus Quiz – And You May Learn Something Along The Way. Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery
- [Jot](https://gracebodur.github.io/jot/) - A Note Taking App Based On Google's Keep Note-Taking Service Where Users Can Add, Edit And Delete A Note. Built with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

[Back to Top](#about)
